well deep frying is never relaxing but i
like that bit of freestyle
fear but one chicken thigh
is very easy to do
the first thing i'm gonna do is make a
marinade
for the chicken i'm using kefir
i think it's meant to be kefir which is
sort of cultured milk you can use
buttermilk or plain yogurt
into that goes a fat
clove of garlic i want this to have a
bit of punch
right my jayla's spoons
first salt always important
ah now the hot smoked paprika which
really is smoky bit of
fireside warmth
maybe a bit more than warmth
[Music]
dijon
before amber maple syrup
teeny
[Music]
and a bit of lemon i mean the kefir is
quite tangy anyway but i
love adding a bit more lemon
it's all ready for the chicken i
use a skinless bone chicken thigh which
is just
perfect for one person and it fries
quickly because it sort of opens out a
bit as you
can almost see at this stage
and obviously before the chicken goes in
the oil it does
have to have a wonderful crunchy coating
and that comes
simply from flour
hot smoked paprika again
and some salt
there is quite a lot of flour but i want
a very very crunchy coating
here we are my little chickadee
what makes this chicken
so crunchy on the outside is getting a
good
shaggy coating of flour and that means
double dredging
i'm trying to be patient getting
hungrier
every last bit
and i think we are ready to fry
that's the right noise
so i reckon it'll need about three
minutes aside
at 180.
this is just about as low stress as deep
frying ever can be
one pan one chicken thigh
easy
look at this beauty look at it so
golden brown and that wonderful craggy
carapace
that's what's going to give me crunch
i'm going to let it
stand for a bit on the kitchen paper
because i have learnt the hard way
i nearly always burn my mouth and it
that just ruins everything
i love the building of a sandwich
first layer has to be mayo
this is garlic mayo and in it the crispy
chili oil
and a teeny bit of honey it just
balances it
[Music]
slather city
iceberg has to be when you want crunch
you want iceberg so
on top of the iceberg the chicken
all that talk about my gherkin
earlier i haven't sliced it yet
the kimchi slight ceremonial hush
has fallen over me it's partly just
the anticipation of biting into this
and i'm never without my pink pickled
onions
lovely and mild i'm beautiful
okay roof on
[Music]
i'm going in
ah that sound see no that's going to be
[Music]
good
it's hot but not too hot i think